<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xml:lang="en"
lang="en"
xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Python for Algorithmic Trading Cookbook</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="override_v1.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/explorer-css-sk.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div id="book-content">
<div id="sbo-rt-content"><div id="_idContainer001"><h2 id="_idParaDest-4"><a id="_idTextAnchor003"></a>About the reviewers</h2>
			<p><strong class="bold">Sudarshan Sawal</strong> specializes in quantitative finance with a background in economics and engineering. As Head of Products (Quant) at PredictNow.ai, he enhanced trading models and boosted client portfolios, with notable research in portfolio optimization using <strong class="bold">Conditional Portfolio Optimization</strong> (<strong class="bold">CPO</strong>) methodology. Previously at QTS Capital Management, Sudarshan researched trading algorithms and assisted clients with machine learning models. He’s represented PredictNow.ai at various <span class="No-Break">financial conferences.</span></p> 
			<p><strong class="bold">Brian Schneider</strong> holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering and a Master of Science in financial engineering. He has 25 years of experience in systems engineering, software design and architecture, algorithm performance, data science, and analytics. He has a passion for financial markets and automating algorithmic trading systems and co-founded an investment management company in <span class="No-Break">that space.</span></p> 
			<p><strong class="bold">Chris Conlan</strong> is the founder and CEO of Conlan Scientific, a financial data science consultancy based out of Charlotte, North Carolina. He works with his team of data scientists to build machine learning solutions for banks, lenders, investors, traders, and fintech companies. Chris holds a Bachelor’s in statistics from the University of Virginia where he later taught data science capstone courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Chris serves on the Board of Advisors for the Masters of Science in Finance and Analytics degree program at Queens University <span class="No-Break">of Charlotte.</span></p>
		</div>
	</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>